# DS340 project 
# **Fake Review Detection**

**Abstract**—With the rapid development of e-commerce today, customers increasingly rely on online reviews to obtain product information, product quality, user experience, and other key factors to decide whether to buy. However, there is a sheer volume of fake reviews on all kinds of platforms. These fake reviews hinder the usefulness of online review systems. Fake reviews detection is becoming a study of growing interest. In this paper, we not only solve the problem of fake review creation and detection but also test and analyze both human-created fake reviews and machine-replicated fake reviews. Our dataset is mainly sourced from Amazon. We used some machine learning and deep learning methods to test and detect fake reviews. Our methods include but are not limited to supervised learning methods such as SVM, Naive Bayes, Random Forest, KNN, etc. It also includes deep learning methods such as Artificial Neural Networks. Our experiment shows that the methods we used have a strong recognition ability for detecting fake reviews generated by machine-replicated or human-created. We hope our research can help some platforms and users to identify and reduce the negative impact of fake reviews on online shopping. We also hope that our research will prevent bad merchants from trying to deceive consumers with fake reviews.


**Keywords**—Fake review, fake review detection, review values, machine learning, deep learning, e-commerce.


# docs
>**1_pretrained_roberta_gpt2_detector.ipynb** -- OpenAI GPT-2 algorithm 

>**2_roberta_finetune_amazon_reviews.ipynb** -- RoBERTa algorithm

>**3_nb_svm_strong_linear_baseline.ipynb** -- NB Logistic SVM algorithm

>**FinalReportMerge.ipynb** -- Final report of the merged dataset(Full dataset)

>**FinalReportNew.ipynb** -- Final report of the Human created fake review dataset(New dataset)
